RDMS?
		Relational Database Management system
		Collection of tables, stores data in columns/rows
		Allows us to store, delete, change, retrieve data, and manage its security
DDL		
		Part of what allows us to store and delete
		Data Definition Language
		Defining table's name, and column names/ types
		Alter belongs to this, and it can only change structures
			that are part of the table. table and columns

DML
		Data Manipulation Language
		Part of what allows us to store, delete, retrieve data
		Store  C - INSERT TO
		Read   R - SELECT				<=== actually part of DQL?
		Update U - UPDATE
		Delete D - DELETE FROM

TCL
		Transaction Control Language

What's a constraint? what sublang?
		A restriction put on the values of the column the constraint is put on. eg. This column's values may not be null. Part of
		DDL
Name some constraints
		Not NULL, DEFAULT, CHECK, PRIMARY KEY, FOREIGN KEY
Whats a transaction
		A group of operations to be 
What sublanguage does function TRUNCATE and DROP belong to?
		DDL
What sublanguage does COMMIT belong to? What does it do?
		TCL, It saves permanently data to the database. It helps
		provide durability to the database because once it's committed, ROLLBACK can not roll back to a previous version
		of the data anymore.
What sublanguage does function SELECT belong to?
		Data Query Language, dql
What sublanguage does ALTER belong to?
		DDL
What sublanguage does RollBack belong to? WHat is?
		TCL 
What sublanguage does CREATE belong to?
		DDL
What sublanguage does SAVEPOINT belong to? Wat is?
		TCL, it sets the point roll back will go back to, if we don't want to go alll the way back to previous commit
What sublang does REVOKE belong to? what is it?
		DCL, Data Control Langu. Removes Permissions from users
What sublang do constraints belong to?
		DDL
What are the properties of the TCL? What they mean?
		ACID acronym. Atomicity, Consistency, Isolation, Durability
		A: If one part of transaction fails, whole trans fails
		C: Maintains consistency of the data, make sure status and 
		   types are all still same
		I: Describes transactions. Transactions are isolated from each
		   other, independent of each other, so if one fails, the 
		   other one can still work
		D: While the other three describe adding new material. 			Durability describes maintaining past information.
			Commit is a point that we cant go back from. Can control
			where you can and cant go back to,
What is GRANT, and what sublang?
		Data Control Language, and it grants user permissions
What are some methods in TCL that provide Durability?
		Commit, SAVEPOINT, ROLLBACK


What is Domain Integrity? Relational Integrity?
What is SQL?
Difference between Truncate and Drop?
Scalar and Aggregate function
Where vs Having




